I didn't know what to wear to my best friend's funeral.
There used to be a big cherry tree behind my house.
Sometimes, books and movies made her feel things she couldn't explain.
My bandaid wasn't sticky anymore so it fell off on the way to school.
He only had one drink but he's completely wasted.
In Hong Kong, everyone lives stacked together.
Her parents had been separated for almost three years, but she never expected them to actually go through with the divorce.
These are the things that I want from a relationship.
When one considers the issue from a different perspective, the answer seems to change.
She twisted her ankle and couldn't go to soccer anymore.
You can always find baked goods somewhere in my pantry.
The alligator's teeth were so scary that I ran back to the car as fast as I could.
They sold shampoo and conditioner, but no plain soap.
She got a discount to buy the stickers online.
Once you master cooking, you’ll start tweaking popular recipes, and that’s when it becomes even more fun.
Checking things off the list is the best feeling.
Let's all just take a moment to breathe, please.
She decided to take the bus because it was supposed to be quicker, but then it ended up being twenty minutes late.
She fell off the bull two seconds after she got on.
Rosa crossed Mary's name off the list.
She couldn't find the basket she was looking for.
What he likes best is being around his friends.
I found a gold coin on the playground after school today.
She sells Christmas trees.
Going to a bar is a fun thing to do.
She got hiccups and couldn't get rid of them for three hours.
Many big projects will be completed in the 21st century.
They will be here shortly.
The caffeine was making her jittery.
If you go there, you will find him.
It’s time to watch TV.
They are still edible.
I didn’t want to take a side in the argument.
Captain America is my favorite Avenger.
Get your act together.
Over time, she realized she would never know how to cook.
You'll move more than before.
He was president from 2008 to 2016.
The window looks out on a garden.
The girl wore her hair in two braids, tied with two blue bows.
Looking back, I know it was the right decision.
It is going to happen on Friday.
You must be happy.
I need to clean my room.
I want the stability of a full-time job, but I'm not interested in the rigidity of working nine to five.
You have a big house.
She wanted to be a professor when she was in high school, but then she realized how few academic jobs there are on the market.
She had a big scar on her knee from falling off her bike as a kid.
They may come in handy one day.
A wet road is usually slippery.
She wanted to get gastric bypass surgery, but her insurance wouldn't cover it.
Imagine I am deciding if I like some new, heretofore untasted food.
He earned his PhD in physics at the age of 89.
In Australia, there is a store called PieFace which sells meat pies with smiley faces on them.
Don't go there.
They make wonderful walking buddies.
The church was white and brown and looked very old.
Watch out, there's quicksand.
She likes to play soccer.
I will open the door.
I will have a baby in the near future.
That was the president on the phone.
Well, that's a big surprise.
Every year Americans pay half a trillion in rent.
You have a beautiful home.
I started drinking when I was sixteen, but I'm European.
I wish I had never gone surfing that day.
The professor marked down one point for every use of the word 'interesting' in a paper.
I won’t believe it unless I see it with my own eyes.
She always worried that sings would embarrass themselves, because if she was in front of a crowd she would always be worried about embarrassing herself.
I don't want to drink alcohol.
It was so cold that no one wanted to go outside.
The wind was so strong it swept her hat right away.
I don't think I liked the movie.
It's been three months and his stab wound hasn't healed yet.
The fan is blowing in my face right now.
The footballers were very upset when they cancelled the game because of lightning threats.
Elizabeth is traveling all around the country to hear directly from people like you.
I'm always on time.
The contents of the box are listed on the label.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
Historical sites are awesome to walk through.
I love bacon, eggs, and orange juice for breakfast.
Big Brother is watching.
Pluto may not be a planet anymore, but it's a planet in my heart.
My biggest problem is deciding what to do next.
Tom asked me if he was invited to the party.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
There are eggs in the nest.
My shoes are blue with yellow stripes and green stars on the front.
He’s as proud as a peacock.
You'd better look before you jump.
I'm cutting down on sweets.
I have a friend whose father is the captain of a big ship.
Somebody help me.
Go sit on the roof.
Please, take pity on me.
The squeaky wheel gets the oil.
Mother doesn't make things up.
I hope that a little bit of my soul dwindles away.
I have a good idea.
The President is back.
My biggest problem is deciding what I should wear.
She had to start saving in October so she could afford to buy Christmas presents for all her family and friends.
Jessica wants a new book.
You don't need 20 captains.
I advocate military action.
As a child, her house was surrounded by towering oak trees which she always thought were one bad storm away from toppling.
It is illegal to buy and sell tigers and other big cats in the United States.
All the swings are empty.
that's not even how to kill me.
I went to California with my mom for a weekend girl's trip.
I can't swim after I drink milk.
A balanced diet is a cookie in each hand.
That was last week.
I like geography and science.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
My mother looks a lot like my grandmother, and I look a lot like them.
The orange tree in her backyard was blown away by the hurricane.
She had a variety of masks.
If I could recommend anything to try, it's my chiropractor, Hernando.
The bus went roaring by her window at 6 am.
When you are in your twenties you read Hegel.
Hand me the hammer.
The pencil broke in the middle of my test.
Options are limited.
I would not want to be in that situation.
She was shaking like a chihuahua.
She had so many books that she stacked them and used them as tables.
Tom gave Mary an obvious wink.
It's storming outside.
We know that everything we need to do is on the list.
The box was small and wrapped in paper with tiny silver and red glitter dots.
Hairless cats are probably cold a lot.
The Earth is spherical.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
You look so amazing in that red dress and heels.
The dog barked at the cat.
I was so thirsty that I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
He persuaded me to take the job.
When I read the list of ingredients, my stomach turned.
Keep your hands to yourself.
I own a lot of property in Beijing.
I didn't realize that the app was an invitation-only kind of thing.
I was already sorry that you had to work with Blake.
She was constantly looking for new jobs.
It's so expensive I want to die.
They’re as different as night and day.
The siblings could help each other.zfh
You ought to do it.
He knows English better than I do.
She liked vintage jeans because they fit her better.
My son is a total nightmare.
The peddler carried a big bundle on his back.
I won’t phone my friend till Bob arrives.
She bought a new plant even though she already had too many.
You took out someone you cared for.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
I'm not really a TV watcher.
Everything has a beginning and an end.
There was a point in my life when my dreams didn't seem possible.
On her fifteenth birthday, her mom surprised her with a trip to Portugal.
She’s a walking encyclopedia of scientific facts.
She wasn't sure if she liked her job or not, but she was sure it was better than being unemployed.
That box is too big to put in the trunk of the car.
He drinks more water than I do.
She cut the covers off of all of her books so people wouldn't want to steal them.
She bought a rotisserie chicken at the grocery store and its juices spilled all over the inside of her canvas bag.
I get on the bus.
My daughter does the laundry.
She went on a first date with the boy before she realized he was a Marxist.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
Danny drank the juice.
You're running a big risk in trusting him.
Any day will do.
Cows eat grass.
He changed his favorite color by the day.
Also, they don’t eat much.
I can be greedy sometimes.
Here he comes to save the day.
Let's go to the mall today.
Pam wants to play outside because it just stopped raining.
I want chocolate.
I told him I’d spank the suitcase for being bad.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
You're the best person I know.
I think you have the wrong number.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
We were on the lake yesterday.
She really wanted Panera, but there wasn't a store near her.
Paul gave me a present.
My small pet mouse escaped from his cage.
The delayed train has been an unexpected event today.
There is a dictionary open on the table.
I'll have to blow out my gas stove for my birthday, since I don't have any candles.
I plan to weed the yard today.
The baby threw up all over her new white dress.
I’ve been able to cure my neighbor’s sick cat.
Don't even look at me.
Eurasia has a very rich history.
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
The room had green wallpaper with yellow flowers all over it.
I can do what you said.
My mom went on vacation and left my dad in charge of the house.
They could be together.
She was hypercritical of all writers, even those who had been published and became successful.
I saw some cool vintage chairs in a thrift store.